hi everyone welcome to this new one
the licks web video
today I want to show you a little one
program a little game that I made to
times of the first year of university
immediately after examining
programming 1 the game I called it mine
that is to say it was very much the idea of
very simple young indeed it was
simulated there was a lot like the idea was
very similar to that of
famous pac man in practice yes
the user had to check for a
character inside the maze e
eat all the dots all the dots
present trying to avoid i
ghosts if we want to call them i
enemies that in fact were moving
inside the maze
ok the program is very simple indeed
he plans it when he did
This program I did not have many I was alone
the programming basics 1 did not have
many other knowledge has however the
maze made it through matrix with
these characters within each one
of these characters represents a piece
of labyrinth and when it comes
followed the program all this a
this part is transformed precisely
in
the maze game ok, however
the game play is simple though and
maybe very very long and to explain
in everything in the video so I leave you the
link to download the executable the
source code within the
description of the video in such a way that
who wants it takes
create such a thing or who
want to study this program can
download it and visionary quietly
but the program is beautiful, it's very simple
there are only there is a switch there are
of the functions I remember taking
from the internet like that of the various gods
sounds that are inside the game
I remember that I am not mistaken
this this this part is not me
memory allowed me precisely to
to run the program automatically
that is, in practice I pressing for example
direction over my my cursor is there
my character moved
he was always going to the direction
same direction until he found
an obstacle to doing this has
used if I'm not mistaken this
function here I don't remember so yes
should check
to do this precisely this thing
anyway except a couple of things
the rest is really a lot
simple
here for example used this
here the bit that in practice gives me
gave ifad sounds and produces sounds
when for example here when he arrived
in the end it produces a cross
certain sound goes beyond these
functions where the rest is very much
simple for example is all structured
on one with a switch i
take a keyboard input the direction
which was in this variable god e
then that is, there are all the cases if the case
of the wd the new above is the first thing
that I make his position speed
previous then effect of the controls
and therefore I modify precisely I go to
change from time to time
position of my cursor cursor
exactly the structure is this then
very long to explain everything
a video anyway
ok this is how these were
various screens now see
running the game directly ok
this was the first screen is the
produced by there my name the version
optimized for windows but this because
there is just an intro that I made to press
a button to continue but here the
game rules then you are
This year we are this business here and
you can move in the maze using i
directional keys w above left
say between them below to stop you enough
press the space bar the bar
Your goal is to take over
these are possible dots so as to
increase your score when you arrive
at the heart the game finishes the score
will be equal to the number of continuous ones that if
I can eat are very careful
don't let the various smiles get caught
here dark in the labyrinth
these are your enemies and weeks
in the game it ends automatically good
fun rather presses for
to continue
ok this and very simple maze here
there is the score press a key to
start playing
these are the enemies, this is us
this is the end of the maze ok without
reasoning obtained w
now arguing over when it arrived
when I encounter an obstacle of dust
in this case there is the wall mine
cursor is my cursor remains still
between change direction precisely I
try to take all of these
these children without making me eat
ok you were eaten women friend ha
lost press any key to continue the
game is finished score wearing for
continue thank you for playing here
in exchange an old blog soon ok
oh well anyway this is the game a lot
simple
I wanted to show I can also arrive
at the heart, that is, at the end of the labyrinth
without taking without eating all the
dots so it's a lot much more
quickly
ok but here it is
ok
the music is slightly different though
you managed to get to the end is
good score of course 47 because
I got nothing
ok however the idea was very very
nice to be one of my first
in my first programs that is to say mi
say several satisfactions because
precisely we were friends for a few days
doing so was also a nice thing
a nice way to practice once
taken the exam
oh well for today it's all I hope you are
liked the next video